
export const SYARIAH_FAQS: Faq[] = [
  { q: 'What does the Syariah Court handle in Singapore?', a: 'The Syariah Court hears Muslim marriage and divorce matters under the Administration of Muslim Law Act — including divorce by talak, khuluk or fasakh, custody (hadanah), maintenance (nafkah) and division of matrimonial assets (harta sepencarian). Inheritance (faraid) and Muslim wills (wasiat) follow MUIS-administered rules.' },
  { q: 'How do I file for divorce in the Syariah Court?', a: 'Either spouse may file an Originating Summons at the Syariah Court. You must first attend mandatory counselling through the appointed agency. The process then moves through mediation and, if unresolved, a hearing. A lawyer can prepare and file the papers and represent you throughout — our team handles this daily.' },
  { q: 'What is the difference between talak and khuluk?', a: 'Talak is a divorce pronounced by the husband; khuluk (or cerai tebus talak) is a divorce initiated by the wife, usually involving redemption payment to the husband. If the husband refuses, a wife may apply for fasakh — annulment on specific grounds such as cruelty or failure to maintain. Each route has different proof and procedure.' },
  { q: 'What is faraid and who inherits under Muslim law?', a: 'Faraid is the Islamic law of inheritance administered in Singapore for Muslim estates. It fixes shares for heirs — spouse, children, parents and others — and is applied by the Syariah Court through an inheritance certificate. Without a valid wasiat, a Muslim’s estate is distributed strictly according to faraid.' },
  { q: 'Can a Muslim in Singapore write a will?', a: 'Yes — a Muslim may make a wasiat (will), but it generally covers only up to one-third of the estate and cannot benefit existing faraid heirs without the consent of all heirs after death. Assets like CPF nominations and jointly held property are treated differently. Proper planning avoids disputes later.' },
  { q: 'What is harta sepencarian?', a: 'Harta sepencarian is jointly acquired matrimonial property under Syariah law. On divorce, the Syariah Court may divide it between the spouses based on direct and indirect contributions — financial as well as homemaking and childcare. The court aims for a fair, not necessarily equal, division.' },
  { q: 'Do you serve clients in Malay?', a: 'Yes. Our Syariah team — one of Singapore’s largest dedicated practices, with over 10 lawyers and paralegals — serves clients in Malay, Tamil, Chinese and English. Many of our clients prefer to discuss sensitive family matters in Malay, and our lawyers and support staff are fully conversant.' },
  { q: 'How long does a Syariah divorce take?', a: 'An amicable Syariah divorce can conclude in about four to six months, including mandatory counselling and mediation. Contested cases with disputes over custody, maintenance or harta sepencarian may take a year or more. Early legal advice usually shortens the process considerably.' },
  { q: 'How much does a Syariah divorce cost?', a: 'We charge fixed, staged fees for Syariah divorces, quoted in writing before work begins — typically one fee for filing and counselling-stage work, and further stages only if the case proceeds to mediation or hearing. Your first consultation is free, and you’ll receive the full schedule upfront.' },
  { q: 'What is nafkah and how is it calculated?', a: 'Nafkah is maintenance for a wife or children under Muslim law. During marriage it is a husband’s duty; after divorce, a wife may claim nafkah iddah (during the waiting period) and mutaah (a consolatory gift). Children’s maintenance continues until they are independent. Amounts depend on means and needs, assessed case by case.' },
]
