
export const DIVORCE_FAQS: Faq[] = [
  { q: 'How long does a divorce take in Singapore?', a: 'An uncontested divorce — where both parties agree on all terms — typically takes four to six months from filing to Final Judgment. A contested divorce with disputes over children, maintenance or assets usually takes 12 months or longer, depending on complexity and court schedules.' },
  { q: 'What are the grounds for divorce in Singapore?', a: 'There is one legal ground: irretrievable breakdown of the marriage, proven through one of five facts — adultery, unreasonable behaviour, desertion for two years, separation for three years with consent, or separation for four years. Since 2024, divorce by mutual agreement is also available.' },
  { q: 'How much does a divorce cost at I.R.B. Law?', a: 'We publish fixed fees for uncontested divorces on our Fees page, quoted in writing before we begin. Contested divorces are charged in stages, so you only pay for the next stage as it happens. Your first consultation is free, and you’ll never receive a bill you weren’t told about in advance.' },
  { q: 'Who gets custody of the children?', a: 'Singapore courts decide custody based on the child’s welfare — not on who earns more or who filed first. Joint custody is the norm, with care and control usually granted to one parent and access to the other. Children’s wishes are considered as they mature. We help you present the strongest arrangement for your children.' },
  { q: 'How are matrimonial assets divided?', a: 'The court divides assets acquired during the marriage — including HDB flats, CPF monies and savings — based on each party’s direct financial and indirect non-financial contributions. The landmark case UDA v UDB [2018] SGCA 20, in which our partner Kulvinder Kaur acted, clarified how these contributions are weighed.' },
  { q: 'Can I get maintenance from my ex-spouse?', a: 'Wives and children may claim maintenance during and after divorce; husbands may claim in limited circumstances, such as incapacity. The court considers the parties’ means, needs and the standard of living during the marriage. Maintenance orders can be varied later if circumstances change materially.' },
  { q: 'Do I have to attend mediation?', a: 'For divorces involving children under 21, mediation at the Family Justice Courts is generally mandatory before the case proceeds. Many couples resolve all issues there, converting a contested divorce into a much faster, cheaper uncontested one. Our lawyers prepare you thoroughly and attend with you.' },
  { q: 'What if my spouse refuses to divorce?', a: 'You can still proceed. After three years’ separation the other party’s consent is required, but after four years’ separation you may file without consent. Unreasonable behaviour and other facts also do not require your spouse’s agreement. A refusal usually slows the process, but it cannot stop it forever.' },
]
