
export const WILLS_FAQS: Faq[] = [
  { q: 'How much does it cost to make a will in Singapore?', a: 'A straightforward will at I.R.B. Law starts from a published fixed fee — see our Fees page for current pricing. More complex estates involving trusts, overseas assets or business succession are quoted individually, in writing, before any work begins. The first consultation is free.' },
  { q: 'What happens if I die without a will?', a: 'Your estate is distributed under the Intestate Succession Act — a fixed formula that may not match your wishes. Your spouse and children receive set shares; unmarried partners and stepchildren receive nothing. A court-appointed administrator, rather than your chosen executor, handles everything, usually more slowly.' },
  { q: 'What is a Lasting Power of Attorney (LPA)?', a: 'An LPA lets you appoint someone you trust to make decisions about your personal welfare and property if you lose mental capacity. Without one, your family must apply to court for a deputyship order — a slower, costlier process. LPAs are made through the Office of the Public Guardian and must be certified.' },
  { q: 'What is probate and how long does it take?', a: 'Probate is the court’s grant confirming an executor’s authority to deal with the deceased’s assets. An uncontested Grant of Probate typically takes two to four months in Singapore. Where there is no will, the family applies for Letters of Administration instead — a similar process with extra steps.' },
  { q: 'Can Muslims in Singapore write a will?', a: 'Yes, but a Muslim will (wasiat) generally covers only up to one-third of the estate and cannot benefit faraid heirs without consent. The rest passes under faraid. CPF nominations, insurance nominations and joint assets follow separate rules. Our Syariah team advises on coordinated Muslim estate planning.' },
  { q: 'Can I change or revoke my will later?', a: 'Yes — you can revoke or replace your will at any time while you have mental capacity, either by making a new will or a codicil. Marriage automatically revokes an existing will unless it was made in contemplation of that marriage. Review your will after major life events.' },
  { q: 'Who should I choose as my executor?', a: 'Choose someone trustworthy, organised and likely to outlive you — a family member, friend or professional. You may appoint up to four executors, and naming a substitute is wise. An executor can also be a beneficiary. We can act as professional executors where impartiality or continuity matters.' },
  { q: 'What assets are not covered by a will?', a: 'CPF monies pass by CPF nomination, not by will. Jointly owned property with right of survivorship passes automatically to the survivor. Insurance policies with nominations and assets held in trust also fall outside the will. Good estate planning coordinates all of these so nothing is missed.' },
]
