
export const CRIMINAL_FAQS: Faq[] = [
  { q: 'What should I do if I’m arrested in Singapore?', a: 'Stay calm and do not resist. You have the right to remain silent beyond stating your identity — you are not obliged to answer questions about the alleged offence during investigation. Ask to contact a lawyer as soon as practicable, and do not sign any statement you don’t understand or agree with.' },
  { q: 'Can I get bail after being charged?', a: 'Most offences are bailable. Bail may be granted by the police or the court, usually with a bailor and a bond amount. For non-bailable offences, the court has discretion depending on flight risk and the nature of the charge. A lawyer can apply for bail or for the amount to be reduced.' },
  { q: 'Do I really need a lawyer for a minor charge?', a: 'Even minor convictions can carry a criminal record affecting employment, travel and professional licences. A lawyer can often secure a composition, a stern warning, a discharge or a reduced charge — outcomes that are difficult to obtain unrepresented. A free consultation will tell you honestly whether representation is worthwhile.' },
  { q: 'What happens at the first court mention?', a: 'The charge is read, and you either plead guilty, claim trial, or seek an adjournment. Nothing is argued on the merits at a first mention. Having a lawyer from this point shapes everything that follows — plea negotiations, representations to the prosecution, and timelines.' },
  { q: 'What are representations to the AGC?', a: 'Representations are formal written submissions to the Attorney-General’s Chambers asking for charges to be withdrawn, reduced or compounded. They are often the most important document in a case. Our criminal team prepares detailed representations setting out the factual and mitigating basis for leniency.' },
  { q: 'Will I go to jail for a first offence?', a: 'Not necessarily. For many offences, first-time offenders may receive fines, probation, community-based sentences or reformative training instead of imprisonment. Much depends on the charge, the harm caused and how mitigation is presented. Early advice maximises the options available to you.' },
  { q: 'How much does a criminal defence lawyer cost?', a: 'We quote fixed, staged fees in writing — typically one stage for pre-trial work and representations, and further stages only if the matter proceeds to trial. Your first consultation is free, and for urgent arrest situations our WhatsApp line is monitored 24 hours a day.' },
  { q: 'Can a criminal record be spent or erased?', a: 'Some convictions become “spent” after five crime-free years, meaning they need not be disclosed in most contexts. Certain outcomes — like a discharge not amounting to an acquittal or a stern warning — leave no conviction at all. Ask us about record implications before you plead guilty to anything.' },
]
